docs: ✏️ add warnings about upload quotas and Arweave limitation (#75)
fleek-platform/website: src/content/docs/Platform/Storage/index.mdx

Storage is a service unique for every project. This means that you can have different storage configurations for each of your projects in Fleek.

:::warn

> We had to impose a daily quotas for the file upload. You can upload up to 150 files with total size of 2GB per 24 hours. If you have an interesting project, that needs higher quotas, please contact the Fleek Customer Support team.

Reviewer: Maybe instead of "we had", which hints something happened, we can just say "we have introduced".

```suggestion
We've introduced daily quotas for file uploads to ensure a smooth experience for everyone. You can upload up to 150 files with a total size of 2GB every 24 hours. If your project requires higher quotas, feel free to contact our Support team.
```

:::

:::warn

> We don't replicate a file of size over 100KB to the Arweave permanent storage although you enable it in your project settings.

Reviewer: This is a good warning. Maybe improve it a bit like:

```suggestion
Please note, that files larger than 100KB won't be replicated to Arweave's permanent storage, even if you've enabled this option in your project settings
```
